== Genius

1. When user opens application, it calls “<tt>index</tt>” method and displays all the questions.

== 2. Questions Entry :

i) When user clicks “New Question”, it calls “<tt>new</tt>” method.

ii)  Now, user has to enter Question details and clicks “ Create Guide ” button. Then, application calls “<tt>create</tt>” method and saves data into database.

iii) When user clicks “Show” link, it calls “<tt>show</tt>” method.

iv)  When user clicks “Edit” link, it calls “<tt>edit</tt>” method. Now the user has to update the  values of question. Then clicks, “ Update Guide ” button, then applications calls “<tt>update</tt>” method and updates the question data into database.

v) When user clicks “destroy” link, its calls “<tt>destroy</tt>” method and deletes the specific question from database.

== 3.   Learning Process :

i) When user selects required questions, clicks “Learn” button, it calls “<tt>selectquestions</tt>” method and gets the 2 random questions and keeps into a pair,then redirects to “<tt>learning</tt>” method and displays question to the user.

ii) After reading the question, user clicks “Ok” button. Then, it calls “<tt>learningnext</tt>” method and displays next question.

iii) When the user finishes learning of 2 paired questions, it goes to review process with the learned 2 question. Now, it calls “<tt>learningexam</tt>” method.

iv) Here user answers the question and clicks “submit” button. Now, the application calls “<tt>lanswervalidate</tt>” method.

v) If the given answer is right, it gets the next random question from the selected questions for learning, calls again “<tt>learning</tt>” method.

vi) If the answer is wrong, applications displays “Your answer is wrong” message with three buttons. They are “skip”, “yes”, “no”.

vii) When the user clicks “yes” button, it calls “<tt>lanswerrightyes</tt>” method and increases the score by 1.

viii)  When user clicks “no” button, it calls “<tt>lanswerrightno</tt>” method and decreases the score to zero.

ix) When user clicks “skip” button, it calls “<tt>lskip</tt>” method and decrases the score to zero and marks the question as non-learned.

== 4.   Review Process : 

i) When the user selects required questions, clicks “Review” button, it calls “<tt>selectquestion</tt>” method. Here, applications takes 2 randomly selected questions from the learned questions and goes to review process.

ii) Here, the applications calls “<tt>examination</tt>” method and asks the user to answer the question.

iii) After enters answer, user clicks the “submit” button, now the application calls “<tt>answervalidate</tt>” method. If the user answered correctly, he will gets next question and calls “<tt>examination</tt>” method again.

iv) If the answer is wrong, applications displays “Your answer is wrong” message with three buttons. They are “skip”, “yes”, “no”.

v) When the user clicks “yes” button, it calls “<tt>answerrightyes</tt>” method and increases the score by 1.

vi) When user clicks “no” button, it calls “<tt>answerrightno</tt>” method and decreases the score to zero.

vii) When user clicks “skip” button, it calls “<tt>skip</tt>” method and decrases the score to zero and marks the question as non-learned.


5.When the user clicks “Reset” button, it calls “<tt>resetquestions</tt>” method and deletes all the question.